and a question do you know if you go to the
party and violet goes too taste
come on, we have
nothing happens to me
nothing happens
and good
do not
ah
and
together we can go through what
be thank you
teach me to feel that
this distance has nothing to do with
what we feel you want to be
with me
Yes, I want
the district
i
video while it's up there
I told you that while we were together
nobody was going to tell us
that we finished
miramax and then the one that follows
exaggerating
the place was very small and as we were
dancing
Dancing with more probity much place
you are dancing like this all
juntitos because they wanted to be or not
as he as after the party is
lion to lion playing the band
to me the French family can you
come here
what's wrong, you said you wanted something
Mine told him to be off
well, it seems like I talk, it does not happen
the same
because you say it good I really do not know
if I should get in because they dress speaks
good you and violet a while ago
they cut each one is free to do what
who wants
good a meeting now
yes, well, if you think you did not go to the
party is good alike on the one hand was
better but how lucky we are friends and
I was there to show you this
I said no I do not want there to be me
explanation of the arts plications
to ask for fabrics and me because I have to
have the expiration
because not in front of the party
yes
you had a date with diego in your case
tribes that you did not know that I die wine
inhabitant with everything he answers my lion
I do not number with everything, then you care
more came that I did not teach defenses
that thing seriously think that I have
an appointment with diego colotto in any case
the lion now I realize why not
I wanted that party was
this beautiful I did not know that the area
it was the party I did not know that diego
I was going to dance at home but you let go
so cute service this as the looks
this makes no sense
the conversation to our relationship does not
it makes sense both
in this it is terrible and great at the same
weather
besides spending it with one another
Y
well I'm going to drink water 3
lion I do not understand how I can
wrong me so seriously during
sense of if you think that those who
now partying because they have an appointment with
diego lion thinks so but things that
I'm going to tell me but in truth
our a video of the party
sudden sight in which he wears that suit of
this horrible dirty text that you have left
you is not good but decided not
tell him to get you marrugo
with lara if yesterday you did not return to the track
if I'm calling you on your cell phone and how
I would not attend if your house and your mom
He said you'd gone running good will
same as if it was the gun
well you know that if you go to the track you see
lara can you tell me I'm your friend
What has made you
it does not count it well
think I did not go to the party because
I had an appointment with me
we can not talk about the moment when
I love you two little purple things I do not
He invited her home the night of the party and
second we did not have any dinner
Violet
if he lets you in and being with you is a
such for which
ah
I knew I was there for nothing but
You know I love that you already know what
you really think about her
Look, I do not know what you're going to do, but better
we talk about another time I'm going to
comfort her well